the new Passat it transcends the
boundaries of its segment with its
quality and high standards at its
innovative assistance systems bridge the
gap to the luxury class
the radar based adaptive cruise control
maintains the correct distance from the
vehicle in front and it breaks actively
when necessary
the driver merely has to operate the
turn signal to initiate an overtaking
maneuver ACC then accelerates
automatically the assisted go function
makes it easier to move off again in
stop-and-go traffic
a front assist is also radar operated it
warns the driver before things get
critical and breaks independently in
emergency situations
it remains discreetly in the background
and ensures safety without distracting
the driver the City emergency braking
function reacts automatically in
critical situations and helps to avoid
rear-end collisions at speeds of up to
30 km/h
the fatigue detection system analyzes
the drivers driving behavior and thus
detects how attentive he is if his
concentration is declining it provides
an acoustic warning a symbol in the
instrument cluster recommends the
necessary break and it does so before
the situation gets dangerous
Park Assist in the new Passat has been
enhanced considerably
it not only maneuvers in two parking
spaces parallel to the road but also it
helps to maneuver out again it also
steers into parking spaces at right
angles to the road for example in a
shopping centre car park as ever it
steers assuredly into the gap all the
driver has to do is accelerate and brake
both hands full the percept saloon will
help one well-directed movement of the
foot and easy-open will open the luggage
compartment automatically the function
is part of keyless access which detects
the key and then unlocks the vehicle
the assistant systems in the new Passat
more safety more convenience
welcome to the seventh generation
welcome to the new Passat
volkswagen thus Otto